0
Title: Embodied Question Answering
Abstract: We present a new AI task -- Embodied Question Answering (EmbodiedQA) -- where an agent is spawned at a random location in a 3D environment and asked a question ("What color is the car?"). In order to answer, the agent must first intelligently navigate to explore the environment, gather necessary visual information through first-person (egocentric) vision, and then answer the question ("orange").  EmbodiedQA requires a range of AI skills -- language understanding, visual recognition, active perception, goal-driven navigation, commonsense reasoning, long-term memory, and grounding language into actions. In this work, we develop a dataset of questions and answers in House3D environments, evaluation metrics, and a hierarchical model trained with imitation and reinforcement learning.


1
Title: Learning by Asking Questions
Abstract: We introduce an interactive learning framework for the development and testing of intelligent visual systems, called learning-by-asking (LBA).  We explore LBA in context of the Visual Question Answering (VQA) task. LBA differs from standard VQA training in that most questions are not observed during training time, and the learner must ask questions it wants answers to. Thus, LBA more closely mimics natural learning and has the potential to be more data-efficient than the traditional VQA setting. We present a model that performs LBA on the CLEVR dataset, and show that it automatically discovers an easy-to-hard curriculum when learning interactively from an oracle. Our LBA generated data consistently matches or outperforms the CLEVR train data and is more sample efficient. We also show that our model asks questions that generalize to state-of-the-art VQA models and to novel test time distributions.


2
Title: Finding Tiny Faces in the Wild With Generative Adversarial Network
Abstract: Face detection techniques have been developed for decades, and one of remaining open challenges is detecting small faces in unconstrained conditions. The reason is that tiny faces are often lacking detailed information and blurring. In this paper, we proposed an algorithm to directly generate a clear high-resolution face from a blurry small one by adopting a generative adversarial network (GAN). Toward this end, the basic GAN formulation achieves it by super-resolving and refining sequentially (e.g. SR-GAN and cycle-GAN). However, we design a novel network to address the problem of super-resolving and refining jointly. We also introduce new training losses to guide the generator network to recover fine details and to promote the discriminator network to distinguish real vs. fake and face vs. non-face simultaneously. Extensive experiments on the challenging dataset WIDER FACE demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method in restoring a clear high-resolution face from a blurry small one, and show that the detection performance outperforms other state-of-the-art methods.


3
Title: Learning Face Age Progression: A Pyramid Architecture of GANs
Abstract: The two underlying requirements of face age progression, i.e. aging accuracy and identity permanence, are not well studied in the literature. In this paper, we present a novel generative adversarial network based approach. It separately models the constraints for the intrinsic subject-specific characteristics and the age-specific facial changes with respect to the elapsed time, ensuring that the generated faces present desired aging effects while simultaneously keeping personalized properties stable. Further, to generate more lifelike facial details, high-level age-specific features conveyed by the synthesized face are estimated by a pyramidal adversarial discriminator at multiple scales, which simulates the aging effects in a finer manner. The proposed method is applicable to diverse face samples in the presence of variations in pose, expression, makeup, etc., and remarkably vivid aging effects are achieved. Both visual fidelity and quantitative evaluations show that the approach advances the state-of-the-art.


4
Title: PairedCycleGAN: Asymmetric Style Transfer for Applying and Removing Makeup
Abstract: This paper introduces an automatic method for editing a portrait photo so that the subject appears to be wearing makeup in the style of another person in a reference photo. Our unsupervised learning approach relies on a new framework of cycle-consistent generative adversarial networks. Different from the image domain transfer problem, our style transfer problem involves two asymmetric functions: a forward function encodes example-based style transfer, whereas a backward function removes the style. We construct two coupled networks to implement these functions -- one that transfers makeup style and a second that can remove makeup -- such that the output of their successive application to an input photo will match the input. The learned style network can then quickly apply an arbitrary makeup style to an arbitrary photo. We demonstrate the effectiveness on a broad range of portraits and styles.


5
Title: GANerated Hands for Real-Time 3D Hand Tracking From Monocular RGB
Abstract: We address the highly challenging problem of real-time 3D hand tracking based on a monocular RGB-only sequence. Our tracking method combines a convolutional neural network with a kinematic 3D hand model, such that it generalizes well to unseen data, is robust to occlusions and varying camera viewpoints, and leads to anatomically plausible as well as temporally smooth hand motions. For training our CNN we propose a novel approach for the synthetic generation of training data that is based on a geometrically consistent image-to-image translation network. To be more specific, we use a neural network that translates synthetic images to "real" images, such that the so-generated images follow the same statistical distribution as real-world hand images. For training this translation network we combine an adversarial loss and a cycle-consistency loss with a geometric consistency loss in order to preserve geometric properties (such as hand pose) during translation. We demonstrate that our hand tracking system outperforms the current state-of-the-art on challenging RGB-only footage.


6
Title: Learning Pose Specific Representations by Predicting Different Views
Abstract: The labeled data required to learn pose estimation for articulated objects is difficult to provide in the desired quantity, realism, density, and accuracy. To address this issue, we develop a method to learn representations, which are very specific for articulated poses, without the need for labeled training data. We exploit the observation that the object pose of a known object is predictive for the appearance in any known view. That is, given only the pose and shape parameters of a hand, the hand's appearance from any viewpoint can be approximated. To exploit this observation, we train a model that - given input from one view - estimates a latent representation, which is trained to be predictive for the appearance of the object when captured from another viewpoint. Thus, the only necessary supervision is the second view. The training process of this model reveals an implicit pose representation in the latent space. Importantly, at test time the pose representation can be inferred using only a single view. In qualitative and quantitative experiments we show that the learned representations capture detailed pose information. Moreover, when training the proposed method jointly with labeled and unlabeled data, it consistently surpasses the performance of its fully supervised counterpart, while reducing the amount of needed labeled samples by at least one order of magnitude.


7
Title: Weakly and Semi Supervised Human Body Part Parsing via Pose-Guided Knowledge Transfer
Abstract: Human body part parsing, or human semantic part segmentation, is fundamental to many computer vision tasks. In conventional semantic segmentation methods, the ground truth segmentations are provided, and fully convolutional networks (FCN) are trained in an end-to-end scheme. Although these methods have demonstrated impressive results, their performance highly depends on the quantity and quality of training data. In this paper, we present a novel method to generate synthetic human part segmentation data using easily-obtained human keypoint annotations. Our key idea is to exploit the anatomical similarity among human to transfer the parsing results of a person to another person with similar pose. Using these estimated results as additional training data, our semi-supervised model outperforms its strong-supervised counterpart by 6 mIOU on the PASCAL-Person-Part dataset, and we achieve state-of-the-art human parsing results. Our approach is general and can be readily extended to other object/animal parsing task assuming that their anatomical similarity can be annotated by keypoints. The proposed model and accompanying source code will be made publicly available.


8
Title: Person Transfer GAN to Bridge Domain Gap for Person Re-Identification
Abstract: Although the performance of person Re-Identification (ReID) has been significantly boosted, many challenging issues in real scenarios have not been fully investigated, e.g., the complex scenes and lighting variations, viewpoint and pose changes, and the large number of identities in a camera network. To facilitate the research towards conquering those issues, this paper contributes a new dataset called MSMT17 with many important features, e.g., 1) the raw videos are taken by an 15-camera network deployed in both indoor and outdoor scenes, 2) the videos cover a long period of time and present complex lighting variations, and 3) it contains currently the largest number of annotated identities, i.e., 4,101 identities and 126,441 bounding boxes. We also observe that, domain gap commonly exists between datasets, which essentially causes severe performance drop when training and testing on different datasets. This results in that available training data cannot be effectively leveraged for new testing domains. To relieve the expensive costs of annotating new training samples, we propose a Person Transfer Generative Adversarial Network (PTGAN) to bridge the domain gap. Comprehensive experiments show that the domain gap could be substantially narrowed-down by the PTGAN.


9
Title: Cross-Modal Deep Variational Hand Pose Estimation
Abstract: The human hand moves in complex and high-dimensional ways, making estimation of 3D hand pose configurations from images alone a challenging task. In this work we propose a method to learn a statistical hand model represented by a cross-modal trained latent space via a generative deep neural network. We derive an objective function from the variational lower bound of the VAE framework and jointly optimize the resulting cross-modal KL-divergence and the posterior reconstruction objective, naturally admitting a training regime that leads to a coherent latent space across multiple modalities such as RGB images, 2D keypoint detections or 3D hand configurations. Additionally, it grants a straightforward way of using semi-supervision. This latent space can be directly used to estimate 3D hand poses from RGB images, outperforming the state-of-the art in different settings. Furthermore, we show that our proposed method can be used without changes on depth images and performs comparably to specialized methods. Finally, the model is fully generative and can synthesize consistent pairs of hand configurations across modalities. We evaluate our method on both RGB and depth datasets and analyze the latent space qualitatively.


10
Title: Disentangled Person Image Generation
Abstract: Generating novel, yet realistic, images of persons is a challenging task due to the complex interplay between the different image factors, such as the foreground, background and pose information. In this work, we aim at generating such images based on a novel, two-stage reconstruction pipeline that learns a disentangled representation of the aforementioned image factors and generates novel person images at the same time. First, a multi-branched reconstruction network is proposed to disentangle and encode the three factors into embedding features, which are then combined to re-compose the input image itself. Second, three corresponding mapping functions are learned in an adversarial manner in order to map Gaussian noise to the learned embedding feature space, for each factor, respectively. Using the proposed framework, we can manipulate the foreground, background and pose of the input image, and also sample new embedding features to generate such targeted manipulations, that provide more control over the generation process. Experiments on the Market-1501 and Deepfashion datasets show that our model does not only generate realistic person images with new foregrounds, backgrounds and poses, but also manipulates the generated factors and interpolates the in-between states. Another set of experiments on Market-1501 shows that our model can also be beneficial for the person re-identification task.


11
Title: Super-FAN: Integrated Facial Landmark Localization and Super-Resolution of Real-World Low Resolution Faces in Arbitrary Poses With GANs
Abstract: This paper addresses 2 challenging tasks: improving the quality of low resolution facial images and accurately locating the facial landmarks on such poor resolution images. To this end, we make the following 5 contributions: (a) we propose Super-FAN: the very first end-to-end system that addresses both tasks simultaneously, i.e. both improves face resolution and detects the facial landmarks. The novelty or Super-FAN lies in incorporating structural information in a GAN-based super-resolution algorithm via integrating a sub-network for face alignment through heatmap regression and optimizing a novel heatmap loss. (b) We illustrate the benefit of training the two networks jointly by reporting good results not only on frontal images (as in prior work) but on the whole spectrum of facial poses, and not only on synthetic low resolution images (as in prior work) but also on real-world images. (c) We improve upon the state-of-the-art in face super-resolution by proposing a new residual-based architecture. (d) Quantitatively, we show large improvement over the state-of-the-art for both face super-resolution and alignment. (e) Qualitatively, we show for the first time good results on real-world low resolution images.


12
Title: Multistage Adversarial Losses for Pose-Based Human Image Synthesis
Abstract: Human image synthesis has extensive practical applications e.g. person re-identification and data augmentation for human pose estimation. However, it is much more challenging than rigid object synthesis, e.g. cars and chairs, due to the variability of human posture. In this paper, we propose a pose-based human image synthesis method which can keep the human posture unchanged in novel viewpoints. Furthermore, we adopt multistage adversarial losses separately for the foreground and background generation, which fully exploits the multi-modal characteristics of generative loss to generate more realistic looking images. We perform extensive experiments on the Human3.6M dataset and verify the effectiveness of each stage of our method. The generated human images not only keep the same pose as the input image, but also have clear detailed foreground and background. The quantitative comparison results illustrate that our approach achieves much better results than several state-of-the-art methods.


13
Title: Rotation Averaging and Strong Duality
Abstract: In this paper we explore the role of duality principles within the problem of rotation averaging, a fundamental task in a wide range of computer vision applications. In its conventional form, rotation averaging is stated as a minimization over multiple rotation constraints. As these constraints are non-convex, this problem is generally considered challenging to solve globally. We show how to circumvent this difficulty through the use of Lagrangian duality. While such an approach is well-known it is normally not guaranteed to provide a tight relaxation. Based on spectral graph theory, we analytically prove that in many cases there is no duality gap unless the noise levels are severe. This allows us to obtain certifiably global solutions to a class of important non-convex problems in polynomial time.   We also propose an efficient, scalable algorithm that out-performs general purpose numerical solvers and is able to handle the large problem instances commonly occurring in structure from motion settings. The potential of this proposed method is demonstrated on a number of different problems, consisting of both synthetic and real-world data.


14
Title: Hybrid Camera Pose Estimation
Abstract: In this paper, we aim to solve the pose estimation problem of calibrated pinhole and generalized cameras w.r.t. a Structure-from-Motion (SfM) model by leveraging both 2D-3D correspondences as well as 2D-2D correspondences. Traditional approaches either focus on the use of 2D-3D matches, known as structure-based pose estimation or solely on 2D-2D matches (structure-less pose estimation). Absolute pose approaches are limited in their performance by the quality of the 3D point triangulations as well as the completeness of the 3D model. Relative pose approaches, on the other hand, while being more accurate, also tend to be far more computationally costly and often return dozens of possible solutions. This work aims to bridge the gap between these two paradigms. We propose a new RANSAC-based approach that automatically chooses the best type of solver to use at each iteration in a data-driven way. The solvers chosen by our RANSAC can range from pure structure-based or structure-less solvers, to any possible combination of hybrid solvers (i.e. using both types of matches) in between. A number of these new hybrid minimal solvers are also presented in this paper. Both synthetic and real data experiments show our approach to be as accurate as structure-less approaches, while staying close to the efficiency of structure-based methods.


15
Title: A Certifiably Globally Optimal Solution to the Non-Minimal Relative Pose Problem
Abstract: Finding the relative pose between two calibrated views ranks among the most fundamental geometric vision problems. It therefore appears as somewhat a surprise that a globally optimal solver that minimizes a properly defined energy over non-minimal correspondence sets and in the original space of relative transformations has yet to be discovered. This, notably, is the contribution of the present paper. We formulate the problem as a Quadratically Constrained Quadratic Program (QCQP), which can be converted into a Semidefinite Program (SDP) using Shor's convex relaxation. While a theoretical proof for the tightness of this relaxation remains open, we prove through exhaustive validation on both simulated and real experiments that our approach always finds and certifies (a-posteriori) the global optimum of the cost function.


16
Title: Single View Stereo Matching
Abstract: Previous monocular depth estimation methods take a single view and directly regress the expected results. Though recent advances are made by applying geometrically inspired loss functions during training, the inference procedure does not explicitly impose any geometrical constraint. Therefore these models purely rely on the quality of data and the effectiveness of learning to generalize. This either leads to suboptimal results or the demand of huge amount of expensive ground truth labelled data to generate reasonable results. In this paper, we show for the first time that the monocular depth estimation problem can be reformulated as two sub-problems, a view synthesis procedure followed by stereo matching, with two intriguing properties, namely i) geometrical constraints can be explicitly imposed during inference; ii) demand on labelled depth data can be greatly alleviated. We show that the whole pipeline can still be trained in an end-to-end fashion and this new formulation plays a critical role in advancing the performance. The resulting model outperforms all the previous monocular depth estimation methods as well as the stereo block matching method in the challenging KITTI dataset by only using a small number of real training data. The model also generalizes well to other monocular depth estimation benchmarks. We also discuss the implications and the advantages of solving monocular depth estimation using stereo methods.


17
Title: Fight Ill-Posedness With Ill-Posedness: Single-Shot Variational Depth Super-Resolution From Shading
Abstract: We put forward a principled variational approach for up-sampling a single depth map to the resolution of the companion color image provided by an RGB-D sensor. We combine heterogeneous depth and color data in order to jointly solve the ill-posed depth super-resolution and shape-from-shading problems. The low-frequency geometric information necessary to disambiguate shape-from-shading is extracted from the low-resolution depth measurements and, symmetrically, the high-resolution photometric clues in the RGB image provide the high-frequency information required to disambiguate depth super-resolution.


18
Title: Deep Depth Completion of a Single RGB-D Image
Abstract: The goal of our work is to complete the depth channel of an RGB-D image. Commodity-grade depth cameras often fail to sense depth for shiny, bright, transparent, and distant surfaces. To address this problem, we train a deep network that takes an RGB image as input and predicts dense surface normals and occlusion boundaries. Those predictions are then combined with raw depth observations provided by the RGB-D camera to solve for depths for all pixels, including those missing in the original observation. This method was chosen over others (e.g., inpainting depths directly) as the result of extensive experiments with a new depth completion benchmark dataset, where holes are filled in training data through the rendering of surface reconstructions created from multiview RGB-D scans. Experiments with different network inputs, depth representations, loss functions, optimization methods, inpainting methods, and deep depth estimation networks show that our proposed approach provides better depth completions than these alternatives.


19
Title: Multi-View Harmonized Bilinear Network for 3D Object Recognition
Abstract: View-based methods have achieved considerable success in $3$D object recognition tasks.  Different from existing view-based methods pooling the view-wise features, we tackle this problem from the perspective of patches-to-patches similarity measurement. By exploiting the relationship between polynomial kernel and bilinear pooling, we obtain an effective $3$D object representation by aggregating local convolutional features through bilinear pooling. Meanwhile, we harmonize different components inherited in the pooled bilinear feature to obtain a more discriminative representation for a $3$D object. To achieve an end-to-end trainable framework, we incorporate the harmonized bilinear pooling  operation as a layer of a  network,  constituting the proposed Multi-view Harmonized Bilinear Network (MHBN). Systematic experiments conducted on two public benchmark datasets demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed methods in $3$D object recognition.


20
Title: PPFNet: Global Context Aware Local Features for Robust 3D Point Matching
Abstract: We present PPFNet - Point Pair Feature NETwork for deeply learning a globally informed 3D local feature descriptor to find correspondences in unorganized point clouds. PPFNet learns local descriptors on pure geometry and is highly aware of the global context, an important cue in deep learning. Our 3D representation is computed as a collection of point-pair-features combined with the points and normals within a local vicinity. Our permutation invariant network design is inspired by PointNet and sets PPFNet to be ordering-free. As opposed to voxelization, our method is able to consume raw point clouds to exploit the full sparsity. PPFNet uses a novel N-tuple loss and architecture injecting the global information naturally into the local descriptor. It shows that context awareness also boosts the local feature representation. Qualitative and quantitative evaluations of our network suggest increased recall, improved robustness and invariance as well as a vital step in the 3D descriptor extraction performance.


21
Title: FoldingNet: Point Cloud Auto-Encoder via Deep Grid Deformation
Abstract: Recent deep networks that directly handle points in a point set, e.g., PointNet, have been state-of-the-art for supervised learning tasks on point clouds such as classification and segmentation. In this work, a novel end-to-end deep auto-encoder is proposed to address unsupervised learning challenges on point clouds. On the encoder side, a graph-based enhancement is enforced to promote local structures on top of PointNet. Then, a novel folding-based decoder deforms a canonical 2D grid onto the underlying 3D object surface of a point cloud, achieving low reconstruction errors even for objects with delicate structures. The proposed decoder only uses about 7% parameters of a decoder with fully-connected neural networks, yet leads to a more discriminative representation that achieves higher linear SVM classification accuracy than the benchmark. In addition, the proposed decoder structure is shown, in theory, to be a generic architecture that is able to reconstruct an arbitrary point cloud from a 2D grid. Our code is available at http://www.merl.com/research/license#FoldingNet


22
Title: A Papier-Mch Approach to Learning 3D Surface Generation
Abstract: We introduce a method for learning to generate the surface of 3D shapes. Our approach represents a 3D shape as a collection of parametric surface elements and, in contrast to methods generating voxel grids or point clouds, naturally infers a surface representation of the shape. Beyond its novelty, our new shape generation framework, AtlasNet, comes with significant advantages, such as improved precision and generalization capabilities, and the possibility to generate a shape of arbitrary resolution without memory issues.  We demonstrate these benefits and compare to strong baselines on the ShapeNet benchmark for two applications: (i) auto-encoding shapes,  and (ii) single-view reconstruction from a still image.  We also provide results showing its potentialfor other applications, such as morphing, parametrization, super-resolution, matching, and co-segmentation.


24
Title: Five-Point Fundamental Matrix Estimation for Uncalibrated Cameras
Abstract: We aim at estimating the fundamental matrix in two views from five correspondences of rotation invariant features obtained by e.g. the SIFT detector. The proposed minimal solver first estimates a homography from three correspondences assuming that they are co-planar and exploiting their rotational components. Then the fundamental matrix is obtained from the homography and two additional point pairs in general position. The proposed approach, combined with robust estimators like Graph-Cut RANSAC, is superior to other state-of-the-art algorithms both in terms of accuracy and number of iterations required. This is validated on synthesized data and 561 real image pairs. Moreover, the tests show that requiring three points on a plane is not too restrictive in urban environment and locally optimized robust estimators lead to accurate estimates even if the points are not entirely co-planar. As a potential application, we show that using the proposed method makes two-view multi-motion estimation more accurate.


25
Title: PointFusion: Deep Sensor Fusion for 3D Bounding Box Estimation
Abstract: We present PointFusion, a generic 3D object detection method that leverages both image and 3D point cloud information. Unlike existing methods that either use multi-stage pipelines or hold sensor and dataset-specific assumptions, PointFusion is conceptually simple and application-agnostic. The image data and the raw point cloud data are independently processed by a CNN and a PointNet architecture, respectively. The resulting outputs are then combined by a novel fusion network, which predicts multiple 3D box hypotheses and their confidences, using the input 3D points as spatial anchors.  We evaluate PointFusion on two distinctive datasets: the KITTI dataset that features driving scenes captured with a lidar-camera setup, and the SUN-RGBD dataset that captures indoor environments with RGB-D cameras. Our model is the first one that is able to perform on par or better than the state-of-the-art on these diverse datasets without any dataset-specific model tuning.


26
Title: Scalable Dense Non-Rigid Structure-From-Motion: A Grassmannian Perspective
Abstract: This paper addresses the task of dense non-rigid structure-from-motion (NRSfM) using multiple images. State-of-the-art methods to this problem are often hurdled by scalability, expensive computations, and noisy measurements. Further, recent methods to NRSfM usually either assume a small number of sparse feature points or ignore local non-linearities of shape deformations, and thus cannot reliably model complex non-rigid deformations. To address these issues, in this paper, we propose a new approach for dense NRSfM by modeling the problem on a Grassmann manifold. Specifically, we assume the complex non-rigid deformations lie on a union of local linear subspaces both spatially and temporally. This naturally allows for a compact representation of the complex non-rigid deformation over frames. We provide experimental results on several synthetic and real benchmark datasets. The procured results clearly demonstrate that our method, apart from being scalable and more accurate than state-of-the-art methods, is also more robust to noise and generalizes to highly non-linear deformations.


27
Title: GVCNN: Group-View Convolutional Neural Networks for 3D Shape Recognition
Abstract: 3D shape recognition has attracted much attention recently. Its recent advances advocate the usage of deep features and achieve the state-of-the-art performance. However, existing deep features for 3D shape recognition are restricted to a view-to-shape setting, which learns the shape descriptor from the view-level feature directly. Despite the exciting progress on view-based 3D shape description, the intrinsic hierarchical correlation and discriminability among views have not been well exploited, which is important for 3D shape representation. To tackle this issue, in this paper, we propose a group-view convolutional neural network (GVCNN) framework for hierarchical correlation modeling towards discriminative 3D shape description. The proposed GVCNN framework is composed of a hierarchical view-group-shape architecture, i.e., from the view level, the group level and the shape level, which are organized using a grouping strategy. Concretely, we first use an expanded CNN to extract a view level descriptor. Then, a grouping module is introduced to estimate the content discrimination of each view, based on which all views can be splitted into different groups according to their discriminative level. A group level description can be further generated by pooling from view descriptors. Finally, all group level descriptors are combined into the shape level descriptor according to their discriminative weights. Experimental results and comparison with state-of-the-art methods show that our proposed GVCNN method can achieve a significant performance gain on both the 3D shape classification and retrieval tasks.


28
Title: Depth and Transient Imaging With Compressive SPAD Array Cameras
Abstract: Time-of-flight depth imaging and transient imaging are two imaging modalities that have recently received a lot of interest. Despite much research, existing hardware systems are limited either in terms of temporal resolution or are prohibitively expensive. Arrays of Single Photon Avalanche Diodes (SPADs) promise to fill this gap by providing higher temporal resolution at an affordable cost. Unfortunately SPAD arrays are to date only available in relatively small resolutions. In this work we aim to overcome the spatial resolution limit of SPAD arrays by employing a compressive sensing camera design. Using a DMD and custom optics, we achieve an image resolution of up to 800*400 on SPAD Arrays of resolution 64*32. Using our new data fitting model for the time histograms, we suppress the noise while abstracting the phase and amplitude information, so as to realize a temporal resolution of a few tens of picoseconds.


29
Title: GeoNet: Geometric Neural Network for Joint Depth and Surface Normal Estimation
Abstract: In this paper, we propose Geometric Neural Network (GeoNet) to jointly predict depth and surface normal maps from a single image. Building on top of two-stream CNNs, our GeoNet incorporates geometric relation between depth and surface normal via the new depth-to-normal and normal- to-depth networks. Depth-to-normal network exploits the least square solution of surface normal from depth and im- proves its quality with a residual module. Normal-to-depth network, contrarily, refines the depth map based on the con- straints from the surface normal through a kernel regression module, which has no parameter to learn. These two net- works enforce the underlying model to efficiently predict depth and surface normal for high consistency and corre- sponding accuracy. Our experiments on NYU v2 dataset verify that our GeoNet is able to predict geometrically con- sistent depth and normal maps. It achieves top performance on surface normal estimation and is on par with state-of-the- art depth estimation methods.


30
Title: Real-Time Seamless Single Shot 6D Object Pose Prediction
Abstract: We propose a single-shot approach for simultaneously detecting an object in an RGB image and predicting its 6D pose without requiring multiple stages or having to examine multiple hypotheses. Unlike a recently proposed single-shot technique for this task [Kehl et al. 2017] that only predicts an approximate 6D pose that must then be refined, ours is accurate enough not to require additional post-processing. As a  result, it is much faster - 50 fps on a Titan X (Pascal) GPU - and more suitable for real-time processing. The key component of our method is a new CNN architecture inspired by [Redmon et al. 2016, Redmon and Farhadi 2017] that directly predicts the 2D image locations of the projected vertices of the object's 3D bounding box. The object's 6D pose is then estimated using a PnP algorithm.   For single object and multiple object pose estimation on the LineMod and Occlusion datasets, our approach substantially outperforms other recent CNN-based approaches [Kehl et al. 2017, Rad and Lepetit 2017] when they are all used without post-processing. During post-processing, a pose refinement step can be used to boost the accuracy of these two methods, but at 10 fps or less, they are much slower than our method.