0
Title: Embodied Question Answering
Abstract: We present a new AI task -- Embodied Question Answering (EmbodiedQA) -- where an agent is spawned at a random location in a 3D environment and asked a question ("What color is the car?"). In order to answer, the agent must first intelligently navigate to explore the environment, gather necessary visual information through first-person (egocentric) vision, and then answer the question ("orange").  EmbodiedQA requires a range of AI skills -- language understanding, visual recognition, active perception, goal-driven navigation, commonsense reasoning, long-term memory, and grounding language into actions. In this work, we develop a dataset of questions and answers in House3D environments, evaluation metrics, and a hierarchical model trained with imitation and reinforcement learning.


1
Title: Learning by Asking Questions
Abstract: We introduce an interactive learning framework for the development and testing of intelligent visual systems, called learning-by-asking (LBA).  We explore LBA in context of the Visual Question Answering (VQA) task. LBA differs from standard VQA training in that most questions are not observed during training time, and the learner must ask questions it wants answers to. Thus, LBA more closely mimics natural learning and has the potential to be more data-efficient than the traditional VQA setting. We present a model that performs LBA on the CLEVR dataset, and show that it automatically discovers an easy-to-hard curriculum when learning interactively from an oracle. Our LBA generated data consistently matches or outperforms the CLEVR train data and is more sample efficient. We also show that our model asks questions that generalize to state-of-the-art VQA models and to novel test time distributions.


2
Title: Finding Tiny Faces in the Wild With Generative Adversarial Network
Abstract: Face detection techniques have been developed for decades, and one of remaining open challenges is detecting small faces in unconstrained conditions. The reason is that tiny faces are often lacking detailed information and blurring. In this paper, we proposed an algorithm to directly generate a clear high-resolution face from a blurry small one by adopting a generative adversarial network (GAN). Toward this end, the basic GAN formulation achieves it by super-resolving and refining sequentially (e.g. SR-GAN and cycle-GAN). However, we design a novel network to address the problem of super-resolving and refining jointly. We also introduce new training losses to guide the generator network to recover fine details and to promote the discriminator network to distinguish real vs. fake and face vs. non-face simultaneously. Extensive experiments on the challenging dataset WIDER FACE demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method in restoring a clear high-resolution face from a blurry small one, and show that the detection performance outperforms other state-of-the-art methods.


3
Title: Learning Face Age Progression: A Pyramid Architecture of GANs
Abstract: The two underlying requirements of face age progression, i.e. aging accuracy and identity permanence, are not well studied in the literature. In this paper, we present a novel generative adversarial network based approach. It separately models the constraints for the intrinsic subject-specific characteristics and the age-specific facial changes with respect to the elapsed time, ensuring that the generated faces present desired aging effects while simultaneously keeping personalized properties stable. Further, to generate more lifelike facial details, high-level age-specific features conveyed by the synthesized face are estimated by a pyramidal adversarial discriminator at multiple scales, which simulates the aging effects in a finer manner. The proposed method is applicable to diverse face samples in the presence of variations in pose, expression, makeup, etc., and remarkably vivid aging effects are achieved. Both visual fidelity and quantitative evaluations show that the approach advances the state-of-the-art.


4
Title: PairedCycleGAN: Asymmetric Style Transfer for Applying and Removing Makeup
Abstract: This paper introduces an automatic method for editing a portrait photo so that the subject appears to be wearing makeup in the style of another person in a reference photo. Our unsupervised learning approach relies on a new framework of cycle-consistent generative adversarial networks. Different from the image domain transfer problem, our style transfer problem involves two asymmetric functions: a forward function encodes example-based style transfer, whereas a backward function removes the style. We construct two coupled networks to implement these functions -- one that transfers makeup style and a second that can remove makeup -- such that the output of their successive application to an input photo will match the input. The learned style network can then quickly apply an arbitrary makeup style to an arbitrary photo. We demonstrate the effectiveness on a broad range of portraits and styles.


5
Title: GANerated Hands for Real-Time 3D Hand Tracking From Monocular RGB
Abstract: We address the highly challenging problem of real-time 3D hand tracking based on a monocular RGB-only sequence. Our tracking method combines a convolutional neural network with a kinematic 3D hand model, such that it generalizes well to unseen data, is robust to occlusions and varying camera viewpoints, and leads to anatomically plausible as well as temporally smooth hand motions. For training our CNN we propose a novel approach for the synthetic generation of training data that is based on a geometrically consistent image-to-image translation network. To be more specific, we use a neural network that translates synthetic images to "real" images, such that the so-generated images follow the same statistical distribution as real-world hand images. For training this translation network we combine an adversarial loss and a cycle-consistency loss with a geometric consistency loss in order to preserve geometric properties (such as hand pose) during translation. We demonstrate that our hand tracking system outperforms the current state-of-the-art on challenging RGB-only footage.


6
Title: Learning Pose Specific Representations by Predicting Different Views
Abstract: The labeled data required to learn pose estimation for articulated objects is difficult to provide in the desired quantity, realism, density, and accuracy. To address this issue, we develop a method to learn representations, which are very specific for articulated poses, without the need for labeled training data. We exploit the observation that the object pose of a known object is predictive for the appearance in any known view. That is, given only the pose and shape parameters of a hand, the hand's appearance from any viewpoint can be approximated. To exploit this observation, we train a model that - given input from one view - estimates a latent representation, which is trained to be predictive for the appearance of the object when captured from another viewpoint. Thus, the only necessary supervision is the second view. The training process of this model reveals an implicit pose representation in the latent space. Importantly, at test time the pose representation can be inferred using only a single view. In qualitative and quantitative experiments we show that the learned representations capture detailed pose information. Moreover, when training the proposed method jointly with labeled and unlabeled data, it consistently surpasses the performance of its fully supervised counterpart, while reducing the amount of needed labeled samples by at least one order of magnitude.


7
Title: Weakly and Semi Supervised Human Body Part Parsing via Pose-Guided Knowledge Transfer
Abstract: Human body part parsing, or human semantic part segmentation, is fundamental to many computer vision tasks. In conventional semantic segmentation methods, the ground truth segmentations are provided, and fully convolutional networks (FCN) are trained in an end-to-end scheme. Although these methods have demonstrated impressive results, their performance highly depends on the quantity and quality of training data. In this paper, we present a novel method to generate synthetic human part segmentation data using easily-obtained human keypoint annotations. Our key idea is to exploit the anatomical similarity among human to transfer the parsing results of a person to another person with similar pose. Using these estimated results as additional training data, our semi-supervised model outperforms its strong-supervised counterpart by 6 mIOU on the PASCAL-Person-Part dataset, and we achieve state-of-the-art human parsing results. Our approach is general and can be readily extended to other object/animal parsing task assuming that their anatomical similarity can be annotated by keypoints. The proposed model and accompanying source code will be made publicly available.


8
Title: Person Transfer GAN to Bridge Domain Gap for Person Re-Identification
Abstract: Although the performance of person Re-Identification (ReID) has been significantly boosted, many challenging issues in real scenarios have not been fully investigated, e.g., the complex scenes and lighting variations, viewpoint and pose changes, and the large number of identities in a camera network. To facilitate the research towards conquering those issues, this paper contributes a new dataset called MSMT17 with many important features, e.g., 1) the raw videos are taken by an 15-camera network deployed in both indoor and outdoor scenes, 2) the videos cover a long period of time and present complex lighting variations, and 3) it contains currently the largest number of annotated identities, i.e., 4,101 identities and 126,441 bounding boxes. We also observe that, domain gap commonly exists between datasets, which essentially causes severe performance drop when training and testing on different datasets. This results in that available training data cannot be effectively leveraged for new testing domains. To relieve the expensive costs of annotating new training samples, we propose a Person Transfer Generative Adversarial Network (PTGAN) to bridge the domain gap. Comprehensive experiments show that the domain gap could be substantially narrowed-down by the PTGAN.


9
Title: Cross-Modal Deep Variational Hand Pose Estimation
Abstract: The human hand moves in complex and high-dimensional ways, making estimation of 3D hand pose configurations from images alone a challenging task. In this work we propose a method to learn a statistical hand model represented by a cross-modal trained latent space via a generative deep neural network. We derive an objective function from the variational lower bound of the VAE framework and jointly optimize the resulting cross-modal KL-divergence and the posterior reconstruction objective, naturally admitting a training regime that leads to a coherent latent space across multiple modalities such as RGB images, 2D keypoint detections or 3D hand configurations. Additionally, it grants a straightforward way of using semi-supervision. This latent space can be directly used to estimate 3D hand poses from RGB images, outperforming the state-of-the art in different settings. Furthermore, we show that our proposed method can be used without changes on depth images and performs comparably to specialized methods. Finally, the model is fully generative and can synthesize consistent pairs of hand configurations across modalities. We evaluate our method on both RGB and depth datasets and analyze the latent space qualitatively.


10
Title: Disentangled Person Image Generation
Abstract: Generating novel, yet realistic, images of persons is a challenging task due to the complex interplay between the different image factors, such as the foreground, background and pose information. In this work, we aim at generating such images based on a novel, two-stage reconstruction pipeline that learns a disentangled representation of the aforementioned image factors and generates novel person images at the same time. First, a multi-branched reconstruction network is proposed to disentangle and encode the three factors into embedding features, which are then combined to re-compose the input image itself. Second, three corresponding mapping functions are learned in an adversarial manner in order to map Gaussian noise to the learned embedding feature space, for each factor, respectively. Using the proposed framework, we can manipulate the foreground, background and pose of the input image, and also sample new embedding features to generate such targeted manipulations, that provide more control over the generation process. Experiments on the Market-1501 and Deepfashion datasets show that our model does not only generate realistic person images with new foregrounds, backgrounds and poses, but also manipulates the generated factors and interpolates the in-between states. Another set of experiments on Market-1501 shows that our model can also be beneficial for the person re-identification task.